# BankingApp-Project-1-By-RUDRA
project-bank : Folder is the full project app folder.<br>
project-bank-1-by Rudra.zip : this zip file also contains full project<br>
<h2>Project 1</h2>
Banking Project-
Banking Operations # Bank ## Description The Bank app is a web-based application that simulates banking operations. A customer can apply for an account, view their balance, and make withdrawals and deposits. An employee can aprove or deny accounts and view account balances for their customers. ## Purpose We want to see that you can meet deadlines and that you can code. You are expected to complete the following requirements and give a 5 minute presentation of your project to our QC team. ## Requirements 1. Functionality should reflect the below user stories. 2. Data is stored in a database. 3. A custom stored procedure is called to perform some portion of the functionality. 4. Data Access is performed through the use of JDBC in a data layer consisting of Data Access Objects. 5. All input is received using the web UI. 6. Log4j is implemented to log events to a file. 7. A minimum of one (10) JUnit test is written to test some functionality. ## User Stories * As a user, I can login. * As a customer, I can apply for a new bank account with a starting balance. * As a customer, I can view the balance of a specific account. * As a customer, I can make a withdrawal or deposit to a specific account. * As the system, I reject invalid transactions. * Ex: * A withdrawal that would result in a negative balance. * A deposit or withdrawal of negative money. * As an employee, I can approve or reject an account. * As an employee, I can view a customer's bank accounts. * As a user, I can register for a customer account. * As a customer, I can post a money transfer to another account. * As a customer, I can accept a money transfer from another account. * A an employee, I can view a log of all transactions. Few important points : ROLE based authentication has to be implemented The UI should look attractive and should look professional Exception handling has to be done. The website should be able to handle all types of exceptions/errors JUnit test cases are mandatory. Bootstrap is optional. Images of the cheque could also be uploaded as proof of the transaction.
<h2>JDBC,Hibernate,Java,PostgreSQL,JavaScript,CSS,HTML</h2>

